update GLCI (warnings + docs) (#6586)
Rdatatable/data.table: .ci/README.md

# data.table continuous integration and deployment

> On each Pull Request opened in GitHub we run GitHub Actions test jobs to provide prompt feedback about the status of PR. Our main CI pipeline runs on GitLab CI nightly. GitLab repository automatically mirrors our GitHub repository and runs pipeline on `master` branch every night. It tests more environments and different configurations. It publish variety of artifacts such as our [homepage](https://rdatatable.gitlab.io/data.table/) and [CRAN-like website for dev version](https://rdatatable.gitlab.io/data.table/web/packages/data.table/index.html) including windows binaries for the dev version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On each Pull Request opened in GitHub we run GitHub Actions test jobs to provide prompt feedback about the status of PR. Our more thorough main CI pipeline runs nightly on GitLab CI. GitLab repository automatically mirrors our GitHub repository and runs pipeline on `master` branch every night. It tests more environments and different configurations. It publishes a variety of artifacts such as our [homepage](https://rdatatable.gitlab.io/data.table/) and [CRAN-like website for dev version](https://rdatatable.gitlab.io/data.table/web/packages/data.table/index.html), including windows binaries for the dev version.
```

### [`publish.R`](./publish.R)

Base R implemented helper script to orchestrate generation of most artifacts and to arrange them nicely. It is being used only in [_integration_ stage in GitLab CI pipeline](./../.gitlab-ci.yml).

## GitLab Open Source Program

> We are currently part of the GitLab for [Open Source Program](https://about.gitlab.com/solutions/open-source/). This gives us 50,000 compute minutes per month for our GitLab CI. Our license needs to renewed yearly and is currently managed by @ben-schwen.

Reviewer 2: needs to be renewed

Reviewer 2: Also maybe extend the link, like \[GitLab for Open Source Program](https://about.gitlab.com/solutions/open-source/)

Author: TY!

> We are currently part of the [GitLab for Open Source Program](https://about.gitlab.com/solutions/open-source/). This gives us 50,000 compute minutes per month for our GitLab CI. Our license needs to be renewed yearly and is currently managed by @ben-schwen.

Reviewer: > yearly

Maybe give a rough idea of what time of year?

## Updating CI pipeline

> Basic CI checks are also run on every push to the GitLab repository. This can **and should** be used for PRs changing the CI pipeline before merging them to master.

Reviewer 3: Very good addition

```shell
# fetch changes from remote (GitHub) and push them to GitLab 
git fetch git@github.com:Rdatatable/data.table.git new_branch:new_branch
git push

> # after updating at GitHub, pull changes from remote and push to GitLab

Reviewer 2: updating on GitHub

Author: TY!

git pull git@github.com:Rdatatable/data.table.git new_branch
git push
```

> Make sure to include a link to the pipeline results in your PR. 

Reviewer: Might be nice to have the GLCI pipeline automatically post a status to GitHub _for PRs touching GLCI files_. If you think that's feasible/worth it, feel free to mark as a follow-up issue.

Author: I guess the easy way to do this, is to make a GitHub action which is triggered on changes to `.gitlab-ci.yml`. Afterwards, it pushes to GitLab using a PAT and also posts the Pipeline link in the PR.
